[Music]
hello I'm Jochen Falcao head of bike
design at Morita behind me you can see
the 120 carbon our new flagship of the
category all-mountain sport the
International bike press agrees that the
120 millimeter category has an
outstanding all-round character these
dual suspension bikes perfectly cover
the complete range from sportive
marathons through backpacking tours up
to daily mountain biking for the 120
carbon we transferred our complete
Racing development competence to a
sportive touring bike our objective was
clear
despite 120 millimetres travel this
model should be not much heavier than
the top fully 96 while offering extreme
stiffness and easy suspension adjustment
as already in the case of our racing
Rockets 0.9 and 96 we use the complete
range of our carbon know-how and employ
everything necessary to achieve a record
frame weights ranging below 1.9
kilograms without rear shock the carbon
technology originates from the 96 for
instance our 120 carbon shares the
chainstay unit with its fast racing
brother likewise the one-piece rocker
link is manufactured completely from
carbon fibre material the downtube
similar to 96 and 0.9 is characterized
by our double chamber technology the
kinematics of the 120 carbon offers
extreme dry frame neutrality the bike
setup can be adjusted very easily
according to different rider
requirements
it utilizes the available suspension
travel in an excellent way and provides
enough reserves even for challenging
downhill sections in contrast to the
extremely aggressive 96 the flatter
headtube angle of 69 degrees
grants are 120 a comparatively safer and
smoother performance during fast
passages therefore the 120 transfers all
weight and stiffness qualities of the
cross-country and marathon top tier to
the all-mountain sport category 120
millimeters suspension travel and top
performance define our 120 carbon as the
new all-mountain sport reference
[Music]
you